and the president of emotions are
clearly on the line to return home thank
you micah welcome to all the media on
this call today to announce knockout
kings or a big September's 15 to take of
your rent which will take place live
from the MGM grand in las vegas I think
you all would agree with me more so than
ever after this weekend that you know we
wanted to put together a fight card
where we can leave the judges at home
that's why I think vocal Kings that is
going to exactly achieve that and today
they are happy to announce that we have
locked in goo fights as part of the
quadruple header without those two fight
now is going to be the president of
golden boy Australia thanks whitter
thanks for the media step on it put on a
tremendous might start Hospital 15
headlining 2011 third bid Victor seated
at 54 pounds and we'll also having on
the card as many main event Johnny of
dollars per sponsor the known as Richard
face permanent card will be billed as
backed out there you have a boxing fans
the audio from oscar de la hoya i had
just joined you on a conference call
this is chris robinson just giving you
update on some news the audio from oscar
de la hoya you know Richard Schaefer is
that September 15th at the MGM Grand
Saul Canelo Alvarez who goin boy at
first looked to match with Paul Williams
and later James Kirkland is now going to
be canal Canelo Alvarez and Victor Ortiz
granted that Victor Ortiz beats Josesito
Lopez on june twenty third that'll be
the next fight at the MGM Grand should
be interesting fight I'm getting ready
to meet up with a few fires in the area
to break down the fight Saul Alvarez
Victor Ortiz very interesting fight will
try to get a hold of danny garcia Victor
Ortiz is trainer and we'll have more
news on this as it comes in thanks a lot
thanks for tuning in